In this lecture, we are going to see how we can make use of these tools that we have got, like custom
tools as well as the one that we have downloaded from the community, like Wikipedia tool and use it
with our large language model.
So we are going to see how we can actually achieve that.
And we are going to test if our large language model can actually grab the correct tool for that matter,
because you see that now we have not only mapped Wikipedia, but we have also mapped or we have also
built our own custom tools.
We are going to bind those tools with our large language model, and we are going to see if that all
works, and if the large language model can intelligently select that particular tool that we are supposed
to use, like we are expecting it to use for that matter.
So we will see how that can actually happen.
Well, we have got this list of tools here already, and now we need to map these tool or bind these
tools with our large language model.
And again Lang long chain is so much sophisticated and that is the reason why long chain is so popular,
because it now helps you provide the mechanism to bind your tools with the existing large language model.
So for instance, this particular large language model that you can see over here is the chatbot llama
that we have got over here.
And I wanted to ask the question to this particular large language model.
For instance, if I want to ask uh lm dot invoke.
So response is equal to lm dot invoke.
Uh and I want to say uh when did uh, avatar movie released, uh, The Ways of Water.
Uh, so I'm gonna just say, uh, print and response dot content.
And now if I try to run this, maybe this particular LM was actually trying to give the answer?
As you can see over here, because The Ways of Water is a is a 2020 second 2022 movie.
So of course it is trying to get that particular answer for us over here.
But what if I ask some latest, uh, details like a Donald Trump election result for that matter?
If I ask that question, this particular film is not going to answer for us.
Right.
But now I wanted to see instead of the LM actually grabs the information from the existing knowledge
that it has learned over here.
I wanted this album to use the tool, which is this tool like Wikipedia tool, and go and search there
to get the answer instead of what it has learned already.
That is what is my whole idea.
So if I wanted to do that, all I am going to do it is I'm going to comment this code.
I will just for the comparison purpose.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to create a new variable called as LM with tools, something like
that.
And I'm going to say LM dot.
And look at that.
We have got a method called as bind tools.
So this bind tools is going to be binding all the tools for us over here.
But before I do that you know what.
Not all the large language models that we have got over here, like the Cuban 2.5 is going to be supporting
the Toolings.
So if we use deep seq R1 for that matter, you can't really use it because deep seq R1 doesn't support
the tooling, only the Q and 2.5 at the moment supported llama supported, but not all the llama models
that you download will have the support for the tooling.
So if we just go back to our, um, our llama website and if you go to the models, you see that we
have got this tools option over here.
So if I go and choose the tools, you see that these models like llama theta 33.23.1 Q1 2.5 model that
we are using these models all supports toolings.
But see, there is no deep sea core here.
So if I try to use a deep sea model, that model will not support tooling for that matter.
So if you can't bind the tools like Wikipedia tools or custom tools that you have got, you can't bind
to the deep sea carbon model because it is not even supported.
So that's the reason why make sure that you choose the right model, which does offer the support for
tools.
I'm sure Deep Sea is going to support tools pretty soon, but at the moment they don't support it.
So as we know that the Q and 2.5 model does support tools.
So it is very easy for us to now do the bind over here.
So LM dot bind will work.
So you can use the not the bind bind tools.
And over here I need to pass the tools.
So the tools is nothing but the tools that we have created.
This guy all these tools I'm going to pass it over here.
Right.
And now I'm going to invoke this particular LM with the tools option that I have got.
So for doing that, I need to probably do something like this tool, uh, call response probably uh,
and I'm going to say, uh LM with tools, which is this one.
And you remember we have this method called as invoke or run method.
Whichever method that you want, you can use it.
I mean, invoke is the right method to do it.
Invoke.
And over here I'm going to call when uh, did author movie uh got release or whatever.
Same question I'm asking this time as well.
And now I wanted to print, uh, what is really getting as an response for this particular question
that I'm asking.
So I'm going to save this code.
And if I try to run this this time, you will notice that in the tool called response, we are not going
to get the actual answer for the question.
Rather, we're actually getting some metadata and all those stuffs over here.
And if you just go all the way, look at that.
It says tool calls and the tool calls, it says name as Wikipedia.
So basically it knows that for this question it needs to not answer from the content or the knowledge
that it already has.
The Cuban model already has been trained with, even though it knows the answer already, like 2022,
it's it got released, but it won't give you the answer right away.
Rather it goes I mean, the model goes and find the latest information from the tools.
Smart.
So smart right.
Like this model is so smart that it could able to do that.
It finds a tool like Wikipedia is there.
I'm already, uh, have the ability to do that.
And now it is passing the argument with the query saying Avatar the Way of Water release date is now
the model is asking the question on behalf of you.
Like when the when was the movie got released?
And look at that.
This is amazing, right?
Like this is what is really happening.
So you can also print the, uh, tool calls and you can just see the tool calls alone here.
See, this is what is really happening for us behind the scenes.
Now this model, uh, while you invoke the model, which is bound with the tools, it suggests that
you need to use this tool for us over here.
That's what is really happening.
And now, if you go back to our, uh, like, the Lang Smith over here, look at what's really happening
over here.
Uh, on the chat model, the chat olama.
Um, look at that.
It has the functions and tools like Wikipedia.
Uh, and it gets the details, like what this particular Wikipedia is all about.
And add numbers, the add two numbers type integer subtract.
And it has got a and b, which is amazing.
It also gives subtract numbers multiply numbers.
So it shows you what are the functions and tools being supported and what's even being called.
I mean, I really love this.
Uh lamb-smith to be honest, because it gives so much of information which are very, very important.
While we do the debugging of our LLM, like what happens if some prompt goes wrong?
And guess what, in the input we have asked the human of this one, and the AI has really called the
Wikipedia tool, and it has supplied this particular query for us over there, and there is no YAML
response because of course there is no response for that.
This is really is what happens while you actually call the, uh, the chat olama, uh, from your code.
Now, that is what has really happened over here.
And now let's change our question a bit.
Let's say I'm going to ask not this, what did the when did the other movie was released?
Uh, what's the sum of two and four now?
I wanted my custom ad numbers to be invoked this time because I'm asking what's the sum of two and four?
So I'm going to save this code.
And if I try to run this, look at what's going to happen, it's going to call the ad numbers here.
And the arguments is A is two and B is four.
And then it's going to do a tool calls.
Look at that.
If I go to the chat or llama here see ad numbers is being called and it is supplying these values there.
Amazing.
So this is this is really pretty good.
And so what.
Uh, so let's say if I want to ask a question, what is the double of two?
I don't know, I'm just going to ask maybe, uh, I haven't tried that query before.
So let's see what's going to happen.
There we go.
So look at the double of two.
The LM knows that this is a multiplication that you're talking about.
So it's just going to say multiply numbers.
And it has passed the argument two of two.
And if we just go to chat llama you will notice that the multiply number tools has been called, which
is amazing.
So this is how we can see that we could able to, uh, use our LM to invoke a particular tool for us
over here and give you the details back.
But now the question actually comes is, hey, Karthik.
Fine.
I mean, your lm, uh, it's actually invoking the right tool for the given query from the user, but
where is the execution result?
Because two into two should be four.
And where can I see the result output?
And what about the result for the when did the movie avatar was released?
It should be 2022.
Where is that particular result coming up?
What about addition result?
Where are those?
Well guess what.
Those things we have to do a bit more to be honest, which we'll be doing in our next lecture, but
because it requires quite a lot of different changes that I have to make over there in order for us
to execute this particular course, because at the moment we're just invoking the tool.
We are not really executing the tool, which we'll be doing in our next lecture.